📁 Digital Shredder for macOS (v1.0)

This script turns your Finder into a professional shredder. Now you can delete files and folders permanently, bypassing the Recycle Bin and protecting your data from recovery.
What's inside the archive: 🇷🇺 RU: Script with Russian interface. 🇺🇸 EN: Script with English interface. 📄 ReadMe: Installation instructions in two languages.
Important Recommendation:
	•	Keep a backup: Make a copy of the file before installing. Store the original in a safe place (e.g., "Documents" or cloud storage) so you don't lose it.
	•	On Finder Lag: Friends, if Finder freezes for a few seconds after deleting a huge folder — don't panic. It’s just in shock at how fast we cleared the space by bypassing its slow standard algorithms. Just give it a moment to "recover."

🇺🇸 INSTRUCTIONS (EN):
	1	Extract the ZIP archive.
	2	Double-click the preferred .workflow file (RU or EN).
	3	Click "Install".
	4	How to use: Right-click any file or folder → Quick Actions → Erase Folders and Files_Ru

⚠️ Important: Secure Delete mode overwrites data three times. This guarantees anonymity, but may take some time for large amounts of data.
Make your Mac more secure with MacEase! 🚀


Этот скрипт превращает ваш Finder в профессиональный шредер. Теперь вы можете удалять файлы и папки безвозвратно, минуя Корзину и защищая свои данные от восстановления.
Что внутри архива: 🇷🇺 RU: Скрипт с русским интерфейсом. 🇺🇸 EN: Script with English interface. 📄 ReadMe:Инструкция по установке на двух языках.
Важная рекомендация:
	•	Сохраните копию: Сделайте копию файла перед установкой. Сохраните оригинал в надежном месте (например, в «Документах» или облаке), чтобы не потерять его.
	•	О задержке Finder: Друзья, если после удаления огромной папки Finder на пару секунд задумался — не пугайтесь. Это он просто в шоке от того, как быстро мы очистили место в обход его медленных алгоритмов. Просто дайте ему мгновение «прийти в себя».

🇷🇺 ИНСТРУКЦИЯ (RU):
	1	Распакуйте архив.
	2	Дважды кликните по нужному файлу .workflow (RU или EN).
	3	Нажмите «Установить» (Install).
	4	Как использовать: Нажмите правой кнопкой на любой файл или папку → Быстрые действия → Erase Folders and Files_Eng

⚠️ Важно / Important: Режим «Secure Delete» перезаписывает данные 3 раза. Это гарантирует анонимность, но на больших объемах данных может занять время.
Сделайте свой Mac безопаснее вместе с MacEase! 🚀
